fix: upgrade oauthlib and django-oauth-toolkit to new versions. (#32631)
openedx/edx-platform: requirements/constraints.txt

# for them.
edx-enterprise==4.0.0

# greater version has breaking changes and requires some migration steps.
# In 2.x.x releases the client_secret is being saved as a hash instead of plain text.

> # https://django-oauth-toolkit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/changelog.html#id12

Reviewer: As noted in another comment, can we create a ticket for the 2.x.x upgrade and link to it here? We can note that the 2.x.x has some complications that are detailed in the ticket.

Reviewer: Additionally, can you confirm whether you can see the secrets unencrypted in the Admin UI, or if you only see it at creation time, and after that it needs to be stored outside the app? Thank you.

Reviewer 2: The ticket has been created.
|[Comment having link](https://github.com/openedx/edx-platform/pull/32631/files#diff-86d5fe588ff2fc7dccb1f4cdd8019d4473146536e88d7a9ede946ea962a91acbR34)|[ticket link](https://github.com/openedx/edx-platform/issues/32884)
|---|---|
---
As mentioned in the doc we can only obtain the secrets before hitting `save` button.
|[Click here to see doc](https://django-oauth-toolkit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/changelog.html#id12:~:text=When%20adding%20or%20modifying%20an%20Application%20in%20the%20Admin%20console%2C%20you%20must%20copy%20the%20auto%2Dgenerated%20or%20manually%2Dentered%20client_secret%20before%20hitting%20Save.)|
|---|

# for them.
edx-enterprise==4.0.16

> # django-oauth-toolkit version >2.0.0 has breaking changes.
> # More details mentioned on this issue https://github.com/openedx/edx-platform/issues/32884
> # Versions from 1.3.3 to 2.0.0 have some migrations related changes.
> # so we're upgrading minor versions one by one.
> django-oauth-toolkit==1.4.1

Reviewer: Proposed update to:
a. Make it more clear that these are two different points (although related), and
b. Replace 1.X.X with the next version that has migrations that you wish to protect against. Note that we'll already be past 1.3.3 in this PR, so it is already irrelevant.
```suggestion
# 1. django-oauth-toolkit version >2.0.0 has breaking changes. More details
#    mentioned on this issue https://github.com/openedx/edx-platform/issues/32884
# 2. Versions from 1.X.X to 2.0.0 have some migrations related changes.
#    so we're upgrading minor versions one by one.
django-oauth-toolkit<1.X.X
```
